---Beta 1.0 - STORY

Draft Story 1 - "Out of Gamut"

A suspenseful horror mystery set in a fictitious desert country known as Desconadia and 
its two counties; Greymere and Longford.

Waking up in the town of Port Landing, our three protagonists have no memory of who they are 
and search for their truths in and around largely abandoned Greymere County.

What they discover will be enough to haunt their souls forever.

----////------- History


Several explorers working on behalf of the King of Gamut search the seas beyond the kingdom 
for new lands to conquer and explore. The explorers happen upon land and arrive at what 
would be later Port Landing. They explore the area around their campsite and discover caverns
laden with gold. Instead of returning home to announce their discovery, they instead kept the
land a secret. They mined its gold to take back and covertly sell so they could acquire 
supplies to build their own country. They succeeded in spreading their influence and founded 
the country of Desconadia, (Second Desert).
After some time the Kingdom of Gamut had purchased so much gold that it began to decrease in 
value as it rose in abundance. This brought about the Kings suspicions and lead to the 
Kingdom discovering the new country's existence and the Gamut-Desconadia War immediately 
ensued.

Gamut soldiers landed at Isla Norte and set up camp, being able to push the explorer settlers
out of Port Landing, splitting them between the southern part of the desert and what would 
later be Lakeside. The Gamut soldiers had a superior advantage over their Descon enemy, in 
that they donned Golden alloy Armor, mostly due to its surplus, but also as a message. The 
Descon soldier was typically armoured with stone or iron plating. This lead to them being 
known as "Golems". The Descon were later known for using stone and iron golems in the war. 
They were invaluable in finally pushing the Gamut soldiers out of Port Landing and off the 
Descon Isles too. The Gamut survivors would settle on Hielo but what happens to them 
initially is unknown. They do multiply in numbers but another attempted invasion of 
Desconadia never occurs. It's estimated some 100 years pass before another suspected invasion 
of Isle Norte occurs, but what happens to them, the Isle or anything after this point is not 
known. This becomes known as The Incident.

Aa

